Clarify callbacks example (#1237)
vaadin/flow-and-components-documentation: documentation/binding-data/tutorial-flow-data-provider.asciidoc

*Example*: Data provider with callbacks that fetch specified items and the number of items available.

* The first callback loads specific items. 

> * The second callback finds out how many items there are in total in the datasource matching with current filters. Since there is no filtering empoyed in this example, the returned value is equal to the total amount of items in the datasource.

Reviewer: typo: employed

Author: Done

> * The second callback finds out how many items are currently available in the datasource matching the first callback. Since there is no filtering empoyed in this example, the returned value is equal to the total amount of items in the datasource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The second callback finds out how many items there are in total in the datasource matching with current filters. Since there is no filtering empoyed in this example, the returned value is equal to the total amount of items in the datasource.
```

            return persons.stream();
        },
        // Second callback fetches the total number of items currently in the Grid.

>         // The grid can then use it to properly adjust the "virtual scrolling area".

Reviewer: adjust the scrollbars.

Reviewer: the code needs the fix too

Author: Done

// Columns are configured in the same way as before
----

> * The results of the first and second callbacks must be symmetric. The second callback must always return the correct number of items fullfilling the first query callback. Since this example doesn't impose any restrictions such as filtering, the returned number of items is equal to the total items in the datasource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The results of the first and second callbacks must go hand in hand. If you do filtering for the items in the first query, the second callback reporting the total amount of items must apply the same filter (without limit/offset). Since this example doesn't impose any filtering, the returned number of items is equal to the total items in the datasource.
```

    int getCount(String filterText);
}
----

> * Note, `getCount` method takes into account the filtering criteria when returning amount of avaiable items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Note, `getCount` method takes into account the filtering criteria when returning the total amount of available items.
```
